# Analysis and Outcomes

## Conclusion

The main goal for this submission was to create a prototype using User Centered Approach and to show in the report the process of doing it. The MVP version of the web app that we are going to present at the end of this module is a damage calculator for the LoL game.

We believe that all the aims that were set in the introduction part of this report were achieved successfully. We prepared everything to begin our work with code in the second half of the module. We showed that we can set clear aims, plan things thoroughly and set feasible deadlines. We did market research to better understand the potential user of our web app. We did requirements elicitation using the surveys and analyzed which specification is better to use next. Based on the surveys we also defined the scope of our proposed web app. Using assumption testing and user centered approach we prepared low and middle fidelity prototypes.

All of our team members are very involved in this project. The right planning and allocation of the resources helped us to deliver the midterm paper on time, even in advance. In weekly meetings each team member shared the progress that they made and others show support and give guidance when it is necessary. At the end of each meeting, we always set the tasks that need to be done by next meeting. The dynamics in the team is great, the daily communication is going mostly via slack. Aside from the weekly meetings, we also did some work in groups of two. For example, Elena has never played computer games, that is why she contacted Pablo directly in order to gain understanding in LoL game. Another example is that Isabella and Pablo worked together on surveys and focus group. In addition, Freddie and Tucker worked together to see what they can get from the API and web-scraping.

There were also some challenges that we faced. For example, the data in API that was presented by game production was not relevant. It appeared that it was not updated for a very long time. But this problem was solved using web-scraping of wiki. Another challenge was that not all team members played LoL game previously so it took one additional week to get understanding in the game and in the web app that we are building. Also, the first survey that was sent to slack channels was not representative for us as even though there were gamers, there were not many that play LoL game. So, we decided to choose focus group and send the surveys only to them.

The key indicator for success is the satisfaction of the potential users of our web app, in our case the satisfaction of focus group. Our progress was measured by each meeting with the team members and each feedback session from our focus group. The feedback from the focus group has been great so far, this means that we are going in the right direction and that we are doing something that people will definitely use.

We think that there is always room for improvement. For example, we could have created focus group from the very beginning and this way we would not have wasted our time on irrelevant responses. Moreover, we could have prepared some high-fidelity prototypes if we had prioritized this thing. Overall, everything was planned according to the workload of each team member and we believe that we created a decent base that we can continue to work from now.
