# League of Legends Damage Calculator/Optimizer

Despite the game’s immense popularity, there is a notorious lack of tools and resources for players who want to test and deepen their knowledge about the game. Although the game itself provides a practice tool for players who look to test out characters’ capabilities, its functionality is limited, restricted to one character (or “champions” as there are called in-game) at the time, having to use external tools such as notepad or excel to keep track of results and a lack of control of multiple variables making the theory-crafting and testing for the game inefficient and bothersome.

## The proposal

Build a web app that allows users to bypass the hassles described before by manipulating key variables to calculate and optimize damage done by the user champion of choice. As a base requirement, the app should allow the user to pick a champion, choose its equipment, and a target using an intuitive user interface. The app should return the damage calculations for said situation. For said purpose, we will take inspiration from optimization tools for other games that exist on the web (links to them at the end of the document). Further requirements beyond the base functionality as a calculator will include more customization regarding target stats, the inclusion of more champions and items, Dragon and Baron buffs, as well as runes and shards and an optimization tool for finding out the maximum damage that could be done as well as adding restrictions for said optimization so the results can be more relatable to actual in-game situations. Although the initial version of the app planned for release will not cover every possible variable to consider when calculating output, we believe that the main value users will obtain from this app will come from the relative differences between different “item build” iterations rather than the exact value output of each; that is to say, knowing a particular build yields approximately X% output is immensely more valuable than knowing the exact number difference at the time for our users to choose their build inside the game. All the data needed for the app to work is freely provided by [Riot Games](https://developer.riotgames.com/docs/l,ol), which regularly updates its Data Dragon package with all the data and assets needed for the development of the product as well as manually extracted data from the game itself and its wiki page.

## The targeted market

This software mainly aims at players with a relatively high level of understanding of the game who would like to refine and keep updating their knowledge to get better results in an ever-changing game.

### Understanding what we will be calculating

League of Legends is a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA) in which two teams of five players battle for resources in the arena to spend those resources on equipment for their characters to become stronger and defeat the enemy team by destroying their base. How much damage a champion can do is a core aspect of the game due to its player vs player nature and, although there is quite a bit of nuisance to the act of “dealing damage” in the game beyond just looking at the numbers and damage formulas, we believe that looking at the numbers especially will give players a solid base from which each user own knowledge will allow them to draw a further conclusion for themselves as individuals in each of their games. By this, we recognize that we are not trying to “solve” the act of “dealing damage” in the game but provide a solid foundation for experienced players to draw their conclusions and share them with the community.

### Defining “dealing damage”.

As we can see from this 2014 little comparison study, there are quite a significant amount of variables to consider. In this study, the focus is on comparing the DPS (Damage per second) of one specific champion maintaining all variables constant except one item in both case scenarios and approximating a “time to kill” target as a comparison value. This approach mainly comes short because DPS, and therefore “time to kill,” can be misleading values. This happens due to the different playstyles available among the game’s cast of over 160 characters. While some champions are primarily focused on dealing high amounts of constant damage over time, some others are designed to deal a lot of damage in a tiny time window and retreat; when considering this, choosing a time frame for which to calculate DPS for each champion would be unrealistic and could lead to some champions looking more powerful than others when in a real case scenario they are just different. As for the “time to kill” variable, we encounter a similar problem. The variable is mainly related to the attacked target and other champions and items designed to deal more damage to more or less resistant targets. Due to these reasons, we decided to focus on plain damage output for champions in the app. We believe this will provide the most unbiased result and leave the interpretation of the results to the users, which should be familiar with game-specific matters such as the ones mentioned before.

For a more in-depth explanation of each variable we will consider for our app, check the appendix section "Variables to consider".
