##  Meeting agenda { style="page-break-before:always;"}

Course name: CM 2020

Tutor group number: 6

Team number: 52

### 12 Nov 2022

Team members present/absent: 5/0

|                  |                                                                                                                                                |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Introduction - 15min                                                                                                                           |
| Description      | Each team member presented themselves and their programming experience                                                                         |
| Discussion       | The main programming language by all of the members was chosen - Javascript. The type of the app - Web app. The main tools - Git, Gantt Chart. |

|                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Ideas sharing - 1h 15min                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Description      | 3 members prepared their speech for possible project.                                                                                                                                                    |
| Discussion       | Elena - immigration web app Freddie - 5 different ideas including map with tags from wiki, clone repository app. Pablo - optimizer web app for the game 'league of legends'. The team chose Pablo's idea |
| Action Points    | Elena - meeting minutes (by 14th Nov) Pablo - description of the project (by 14th Nov). Everybody - decide the next step on Slack.                                                                       |

This meeting managed to:

1. Learn about programming experience of each member.
2. Discuss the ideas for possible project.
3. Choose the idea for the project.
4. In the next meeting the group would allocate time to discussing the project in depth and define the timescale

### 19 Nov 2022 { style="page-break-before:always;"}


Team members present/absent: 4/1

|                  |                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | First prototype in Excel - 38 min                                                                                                                                         |
| Description      | Pablo made first prototype in Excel for team members to better understand the visual side of the app                                                                      |
| Discussion       | There was a discussion about extra stats and ability levels. Also which features could be added for more advanced version of the app.                                     |
| Action Points    | Pablo - a good prototype of the web app in Figma (by 26 Nov). Pablo + Tucker - look through the dataset from API and realise what can and cannot be extracted (by 26 Nov) |

|                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Agenda item/Time | Brainstorm (questions for our questionnaire) - 10 min                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Description      | We brainstormed questions for the survey in order to gather information from our potential users.                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Discussion       | There were some good points about familiarity with other games from RIOT or use of optimization or calculators for other games and which platform players use for this game. Also, we talked about structure of these questions and the need for market research to be combined with our survey. |
| Action Points    | Isabella: questions for the survey in the right order - ready for send (by 26 Nov). Freddie: market research                                                                                                                                                                                     |

|                  |                                                                                                              |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Agenda item/Time | Scope of the project (section 4 of the report) - 2 min                                                       |
| Description      | Elena made that section ready but with the addition of new features there was a need to update this section. |
| Discussion       | We decided to look through this section next meeting.                                                        |
| Action Points    | Elena - updated scope of the project (by 26 Nov)                                                             |

|                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Documentation repo - 10 min                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Description      | Freddie prepared the way of dealing with the documents and also proposed jitsi instead of zoom not to be interrupted each meeting with the limitation of 40 minutes                                                                                                    |
| Discussion       | Freddie found markdown extension for VSCode and we all agreed to use it for our project.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| Action Points    | Everybody - download the extension (by 26 Nov) Elena - meeting minutes (by 22 Nov). Everybody - read the discussion between Elena and Pablo on slack to better understand the app and watch the webinar on week 10 to better understand the report writing (by 26 Nov) |

This meeting we managed to:

1. Gain a better understanding in the app that we are going to build.
2. Gather the questions for the survey.
3. Realise which platforms we are going to use for our project documentation.
4. In the next meeting the group would allocate time to define the timescale of work in detail. Also the roles




### 26 Nov 2022 { style="page-break-before:always;"}


Team members present/absent: 5/0

|                  |                                                                                                     |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Documentation / github - 5 min                                                                      |
| Description      | Freddie gave a brief summary of vs code markdown extension and walked us through the github folders |

|                  |                                                                                                                    |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Agenda item/Time | Data from API - 20 min                                                                                             |     |
| Description      | Tucker went through the data from API that our team wanted to use later and found some problems.                   |
| Discussion       | The data is irrelevant as lots of things are not covered there in order to be able to do calculations for our app. |
| Action Points    | Freddie - web scraping (by 3 Dec). Tucker - section about specifications (by 3 Dec)                  |

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | First responses from questionnaire - 15 min                                                 |
| Description      | Isabella sent the survey to some slack channels and got some feedback.                      |
| Discussion       | The coverage was small (17 responses). The team decided to update it and send it on reddit. |
| Action Points    | Isabella + Pablo - update the questionnaire and send it on reddit (by 3 Dec)                |

|                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Planning - 10 min                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Description      | We marked the hard deadline - 25 Dec - even though the midterm. deadline is 9 Jan.                                                                                                                        |
| Discussion       | Each team member chose the section of the proposal that they are responsible for.                                                                                                                         |
| Action Points    | Elena - meeting minutes (by 29 Nov). Isabella - objectives and requirements. Freddie - planning and market research. Pablo - prototypes. Elena - scope and analysis and outcomes. Tucker - specifications |

This meeting we managed to:

1. Plan briefly who is responsible for which task
2. Discover some problems with the dataset
3. Realise that the questionnaire should be updated
4. In the next meeting the group would allocate time to define the timescale of work in detail and look through
   the progress that was made by each team member.


### 3 Dec 2022 { style="page-break-before:always;"}



Team members present/absent: 5/0

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Objectives - 5 min|
| Description      | The section from the report |
| Discussion       | Isabella told us about issues that came up while doing this section, we decided to divide aims and objectives |
| Action Points    | Isabella + Elena - by 10 Dec |

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Planning and market research - 10 min |
| Description      | The section from the report |
| Discussion       | Freddie told us the current stage of these 2 sections. The market research was almost finished and planning section is in progress. |
| Action Points    | Freddie - planning (by 17 Dec) and market research (by 10 Dec) |

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Specification and Assumption testing - 10min |
| Description      | The sections from the report |
| Discussion       | Tucker told us about possible programming languages that we would use. He will look deeper into it. We also decided that assumption testing will be included in other sections. |
| Action Points    | Tucker - specification (by 17 Dec)|

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Scope and analysis, outcomes - 5 min|
| Description      | The sections from the report |
| Discussion       | Elena told us that the scope section is almost finished and analysis and outcomes is in progress |
| Action Points    | Elena - download the scope in the github in md format (by 10 Dec) and finish evaluation |

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Requirements, approach, motivations - 10 min |
| Description      | The sections from the report |
| Discussion       | We decided to gather focus group and ask them more open ended questions for better requirements elicitation. Approach and motivations section is in progress. |
| Action Points    | Isabella + Pablo - requirements elicitation (by 10 Dec). Isabella - approach and motivations (by 17 Dec)|

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Literature and Introduction and prototyping - 10 min|
| Description      | The sections from the report |
| Discussion       | We brainstormed what literature could be used, introduction section has already been written by Pablo and some low and mid prototypes are ready for focus group |
| Action Points    | Pablo - send prototypes to focus group and get feedback (by 10 Dec) and finish literature section (by 10 Dec)|





This meeting managed to: 

1. Understand the current stage of each section

2. Set the deadlines for each section

3. Realise the need in focus group

4. In the next meeting the group would look through the progress that was made by each team member and 
discuss the challenges that we faced.

### 13 Dec 2022 { style="page-break-before:always;"}


Team members present/absent: 5/0

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Specification - 5 min    |
| Description      | The section from the report    |
| Discussion       | Discussed the technologies    |
| Action Points    | Tucker - specification (by 20 Dec)    |

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Scope and analysis, outcomes - 5min    |
| Description      | The sections from the report    |
| Discussion       | Approved the current version of the scope section    |
| Action Points    | Elena - finish analysis and outcomes (by 20 Dec)    |


|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Requirements - 20 min    |
| Description      | The section from the report    |
| Discussion       | Discussed the results of the survey    |
| Action Points    | Isabella - requirements elicitation (by 20 Dec), Isabella - approach and motivations (by 20 Dec)    |



|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Literature and Introduction and prototyping - 5 min    |
| Description      | The sections from the report    |
| Discussion       | Discussed some challenges    |
| Action Points    | Pablo - finish all sections (by 20 Dec)    |


This meeting we managed to:

1. Understand the current stage of each section

2. Discuss each section and set the new deadlines

3. In the next meeting the group would look through the progress that was made by each team member and 
discuss the challenges that we faced.

### 20 Dec 2022 { style="page-break-before:always;"}


|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Specification - 5 min    |
| Description      | The section from the report    |
| Discussion       | Discussed the things that c an be added to the current version of this section - uml class diagram and accessibility    |
| Action Points    | Tucker - finish the section (by 24 Dec)     |



|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Analysis, outcomes - 5min |
| Description      | The section from the report      |
| Discussion       | Discussed the key factors for progress and success     |
| Action Points    | Elena - finish that section (by 24 Dec)     |



|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Objectives, Requirements and approach and motivations - 15 min |
| Description      | The sections from the report     |
| Discussion       | Approved the current version of objectives section. Discussed the things that can be added to the current version of requirements and approach and motivations section.     |
| Action Points    | Isabella - finish 2 sections (by 24 Dec)     |



|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Literature and Introduction and prototyping - 15 min|
| Description      | The sections from the report     |
| Discussion       | Approved the current version of prototyping section. Discussed literature and introduction part.     |
| Action Points    | Pablo - finish the sections (by 24 Dec)     |



This meeting we managed to:
1. Understand the current stage of each section

2. Set the deadlines for the first whole draft

3. In the next meeting the group would look through the first draft of the midterm paper and discuss.




### 27 Dec 2022 { style="page-break-before:always;"}

Team members present/absent: 5/0

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | |
| Description      | |
| Discussion       | |
| Action Points    | |


This meeting we managed to:


### 3 Jan 2023 { style="page-break-before:always;"}

Team members present/absent: 5/0

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | |
| Description      | |
| Discussion       | |
| Action Points    | |

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | |
| Description      | |
| Discussion       | |
| Action Points    | |


This meeting we managed to:

